Hello everyone, so we have today's video
I want to start a little bit of your friend to me
for the kitchen that eat it in korea
today we will prepare to head that
called not to lose that is the sword real
it moves and so panchan so
called here by me
and captivates vocalists 36 pieces here with us
beef meat
150 grams I 'm worth bought such meat
which is useful in such pieces
in principle, you can still use meat
which is chopped into straw but so too
can not come stuffing no other kind
meat armor will go well here we are a glass of 250
milliliters of soy sauce is pure here
tap water 1 1 2 1 chicken back
ginger
1 clove of garlic that's basically all we
I prepare these first product and what
I will show you step by step how everything
preparing onions you need to forest in this way
first I see two halves and then
that's just me
we cut too want to pay attention
what do you want know someone
the navel remained cut off otherwise
frying it just crumbles will not
very naturally not very convenient
him
consume
to get such a system
preferably happens he stayed so
here we are
our eggs are boiled before you need them
I read somewhere on the Internet
that you can lose them a half two
three hours will be by the way not very strong
concentrations and supposedly testicles can then
it will be very easy to clean and so did
but I didn't really like this hell
because for my taste eggs like
have gotten amongst the crap so we will
Just clean it though it will be a chore
just in the usual way clean and
eggs from the shell and so here are the eggs
abducted
straight from the wicked ones the light is no longer but
I'm exactly 30 minutes right here we have these
things and a little bit got her on you
swing is okay this is not a problem
not critical and so on my skillet
little bit on whether thomas on corn
Now Moscow is warming then we will set
there is a little bit of a search
on
I recently wrote that the best color
pieces of white will need you happen not
precipitation
these can
because it hits
turn on
I put a lot of work and then
there will be a magical hotel so that our well
too salty and now pause and
bunnies all this needs to be a matter to bring
until boiling at all we wait until boils and
need to talk about 10 minutes bye
testicles will not become so
brownish until it soaks your
sun we collapsed 10 minutes
for they are thin brownish
fanciers
I poured water because I have beets
does not like to salty
that is, it can not salty budget already
neatly he can not salted too
salty so i pour more water
than you can put your eyes away
less if you try testicles if they
will be too salty for you then you can
add more water and boil more
little can elements and there will be everything
ready to eat
you need to put a tablespoon of sugar
tell a little bit and knocked down
literally a minute and that will be
so our fountain called ball
or arkatov is a good snack for those
who saber grandfather because eggs like you
know and such a dangerous beef is you
us proteins that contributes more
long food preservation and in hand that is
already want to eat
thanks to all these criteria and so with
your marriage is with you all bye
I hope you are so good here
everything will turn out bye